\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename tellab_admin_manual.info
@settitle TELLab System Administrator's Manual
@c %**end of header

@dircategory TELLab Sysadmin Manual
@direntry
* TELLab: (tellab).           The Experiential Learning Laboratory.
@end direntry

@paragraphindent 0

@include version.texi

@ifnothtml
@copying
@c Copyright © 2021 TELLab Team
Copyright 2021 TELLab Team

TELLab Sysadmin Manual for version @value{VERSION}, generated @value{UPDATED}

@c @quotation
@c Permission is granted to ...
@c @end quotation

@end copying
@end ifnothtml

@titlepage
@title TELLab System Administrator's Manual
@subtitle How to install and operate the TELLab system
@author Jeff Mulligan & Sarah Kerns

@c The following two commands
@c start the copyright page.
@page

@include COPYING

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll

@c The NASA web page security scanner doesn't like web page
@c comments that contain the string 'admin' !?

@ifnothtml
@insertcopying
@end ifnothtml

@end titlepage

@c Output the table of the contents at the beginning.
@contents
@c If and when the manual gets too long,
@c we have the option of using @shortcontents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top TELLab Sysadmin Manual

This manual covers both legacy TELLab and TELLab2.

@ifnothtml
@insertcopying
@end ifnothtml

@end ifnottex

@c changed Index to QuIPindex because of stupid OSX case confusion with index.html...

@menu
* Introduction          ::  How to use this manual
* Sysadmin tasks        ::  Everything a sysadmin needs to do
* Installation          ::  How to set up a new installation from scratch
* Cloud platforms       ::  Cloud providers used by the TELLab Team
* Installing software   ::  How to install all of the required components
* Security              ::  How to protect your systems from the bad guys
* Background basics     ::  A crash course for newcomers to *NIX
* Index and Cross-reference             ::  Complete index
* TLindex               ::  Complete index

@end menu

@c CHAPTER 1 - OVERVIEW

@node Introduction
@chapter What is TELLab?
@cindex chapter, first

QuIP stands for QUick Image Processing, and is also a reference
to its scripting language which allows the user to implement
a variety of useful operations with short fragments of script or "quips."

@menu
* History       ::  Some background about TELLab
@end menu

@node History
@section History
QuIP has been developed continously over a period
of several decades, under a series of flavors of UNIX.
The QuIP interpreter is a front end for a number of libraries;
some of these are system libraries, such as X Windows and OpenGL
for image display, and Motif for GUI widgets.  Other libraries
are distributed as part of the QuIP package, and provide support
for various specialized functions, including support for a variety
of hardware devices, and psychophysical experimentation.
It provides an environment for visual and numerical
computing similar in functionality to Matlab and the like.


@cindex index entry, another

@c CHAPTER 2 - SYSADMIN TASKS
@node Sysadmin tasks
@chapter Sysadmin tasks
The simplest way to interact with QuIP is via the command language.

@menu
* Certificate renewal   ::  Keeping the SSL certificates up-to-date
* DNS service		::  How the outside world finds us
* XSEDE hosting		::  Proposal process & schedule
* AWS hosting           ::  Account details
@end menu

@node Certificate renewal
@section Certificate renewal
COntent goes here.

@node DNS service
@section DNS service
COntent goes here.

@node XSEDE hosting
@section XSEDE hosting
COntent goes here.

@node AWS hosting
@section AWS hosting
COntent goes here.

@node Installation
@chapter Installation

@node Cloud platforms
@chapter Cloud platforms

@node Installing software
@chapter Installing software

@node Security
@chapter Security

@node Background basics
@chapter Background basics

@node Index and Cross-reference
@chapter Index and Cross-reference

@node TLindex
@unnumbered TLindex

@printindex cp

@bye

